Theshold ecdsa (#34)
orochi-network/orochi-network.github.io: src/threshold-ecdsa/threshold-ecdsa-construction/introduction.md

## Gennaro's Construction

In this section we briefly describe the threshold ECDSA protocol of Gennaro etal in {{#cite GG20}}, in which we assume that the readers have some familiarity to ECDSA signature scheme. Recall that the ordinary ECDSA signature scheme \\(\sigma=(r,s)\\) of a message \\(M\\) is generated as follow

> $$r=R.\mathsf{x},~R=g^{k^{-1}},~m=H(M)~\text{and}~s=k(m+r\cdot sk)$$

Reviewer: `H()` is collision resistance hash function, it shouldn't be considered as a part of ECDSA.

Reviewer: `s=k(m+r⋅sk)` or `s = k^{-1}(m+r⋅sk)`?

Reviewer: `R=g^{k^{-1}}` or `R=g^{k}`?

Author: s=k(m+r⋅sk) and R=g^{k^{-1}}. The version of threshold ecdsa use k^{-1} instead of k. It does not change the verification process anyway.

> where \\(k \leftarrow \mathbb{Z}_p\\) and \\(sk\\) is the signer's secret key. Gennaro's protocol aims to provide a valid ECDSA signature of \\(M\\) above via a threshold manner. In addition, the protocol also provide the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where \\(k \leftarrow \mathbb{Z}_p\\) and \\(sk\\) is the signer's secret key. Gennaro's protocol aims to provide a valid ECDSA signature \\(\sigma=(r,s)\\) of \\(M\\) above via a threshold manner. In addition, the protocol also provide the following features:
```

- **Non Interactive online phase:** Gennaro etal's protocol achieves non-interactive in the following sense: The signing protocol consists of a preprocessing phase before the  message \\(M\\) is known, followed by a non-interactive signing phase, where each participant can generate his own signature of \\(M\\) using the preprocessed information.

> - **Identifiable Abort:** The protocol contains additional mechanisms that allow participants to detect any signers who fail to participate in the signing process, or deviate from it. Identifying misbehaving signers can be crucial for some applications. In most applications, being able to identify rogue servers is a convenience, allowing masters to avoid restarting all servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Identifiable Abort:** The protocol contains additional mechanisms that allow participants to detect any signers who fail to participate in the signing process, or deviate from it. Identifying misbehaving signers can be crucial for some applications. In most applications, being able to identify rogue servers is a convenience, allowing masters to avoid restarting the whole system.
```
